README.md, before:

# T-RestedXP: About / Описание

EN: **T-RestedXP** is a simple addon for tracking 100% rested XP in WoW 1.12 (Turtle WoW).

RU: **T-RestedXP** — это простой аддон для отслеживания 100% rested XP в WoW 1.12 (Turtle WoW).

---

# T-RestedXP: Download / Скачать

### Installation (Turtle WoW)
1. Download: **[Latest Version](https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp/archive/master.zip)**
2. Unpack the Zip file `t-restedxp-main.zip`
3. Find the `T-RestedXP` folder inside `t-restedxp-main`
4. Copy the `T-RestedXP` folder into `\Interface\AddOns`
5. Restart the game

### Установка (Turtle WoW)
1. Скачайте: **[Последняя версия](https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp/archive/master.zip)**
2. Распакуйте Zip-файл `t-restedxp-main.zip`
3. Найдите папку `T-RestedXP` внутри папки `t-restedxp-main`
4. Скопируйте папку `T-RestedXP` в `\Interface\AddOns`
5. Перезапустите игру

---

# T-RestedXP: Settings / Настройки

EN: The addon announces when you reach 100% rested XP or 0% rested XP. You can configure the alert messages, chat channel, sound, and display options by editing the `T-RestedXP.lua` file. Main settings:

- `fullRestedMsg`: message for 100% rested XP (default: `=== 100% RESTED XP / 100% ОТДЫХА ===`)
- `noRestedMsg`: message for 0% rested XP (default: `=== NO RESTED XP / НЕТ ОТДЫХА ===`)
- `chatChannel`: channel for alerts (`SELF`, `EMOTE`, `SAY`, `PARTY`, `RAID`, `GUILD`)
- `notifyIntervalZero`: interval between 0% alerts (seconds)
- `notifyCountZero`: max 0% alerts in a row
- `playSound`: play sound on alert (true/false)
- `soundNameFull`: sound for 100% rested XP (default: `QUESTCOMPLETED`)
- `soundNameZero`: sound for 0% rested XP (default: `RaidWarning`)
- `showCenter`: show alert in the center of the screen (true/false)
- `centerMessageTime`: time to show center message (seconds)
- `maxLevel`: max player level (default: 60)

RU: Аддон сообщает, когда вы достигаете 100% или 0% rested XP. Все параметры можно изменить в файле `T-RestedXP.lua`:

- `fullRestedMsg`: сообщение для 100% rested XP (по умолчанию: `=== 100% RESTED XP / 100% ОТДЫХА ===`)
- `noRestedMsg`: сообщение для 0% rested XP (по умолчанию: `=== NO RESTED XP / НЕТ ОТДЫХА ===`)
- `chatChannel`: канал оповещений (`SELF`, `EMOTE`, `SAY`, `PARTY`, `RAID`, `GUILD`)
- `notifyIntervalZero`: интервал между оповещениями о 0% (сек)
- `notifyCountZero`: максимум оповещений о 0% подряд
- `playSound`: воспроизводить звук при оповещении (true/false)
- `soundNameFull`: звук для 100% rested XP (по умолчанию: `QUESTCOMPLETED`)
- `soundNameZero`: звук для 0% rested XP (по умолчанию: `RaidWarning`)
- `showCenter`: показывать оповещение по центру экрана (true/false)
- `centerMessageTime`: время показа сообщения по центру (сек)
- `maxLevel`: максимальный уровень игрока (по умолчанию: 60)

---

# T-RestedXP: Credits / Благодарности

EN: You are welcome to enhance this addon, but you must always provide a link to the original version at **[https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp](https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp)**.

RU: Вы можете усовершенствовать данный аддон, но вы обязаны всегда предоставлять ссылку на оригинальную версию по адресу **[https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp](https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp)**.

---

# T-RestedXP: IMPORTANT / ВАЖНО

EN: I do not create add-ons on request and do not fix errors in other add-ons, please do not contact me with such requests.

RU: Я не пишу аддоны на заказ и не исправляю ошибки в других аддонах, просьба не писать мне с такими вопросами.

---

<h3 align="center">Wow, finished reading!😌 Hit me up if anything!</h3>

---

<div align="center">

### **💝 Support me / Поддержи меня**
💰 [**[ DonationAlerts ]**](https://www.donationalerts.com/r/whtmst) • 🚀 [**[ Boosty ]**](https://boosty.to/whtmst)

</div>

---

<div align="center">

**This repository is distributed under the [MIT License](LICENSE)**

</div>

Commit message:

docs(readme): обновлена инструкция по установке и добавлен способ через Turtle WoW Launcher

README.md, after:

# T-RestedXP: About / Описание

EN: **T-RestedXP** is a simple addon for tracking 100% rested XP in WoW 1.12 (Turtle WoW).

RU: **T-RestedXP** — это простой аддон для отслеживания 100% rested XP в WoW 1.12 (Turtle WoW).

---

# T-RestedXP: Download / Скачать

**If you use Turtle WoW Launcher:**
Just go to the Addons section, click "Add new addon", paste the link `https://github.com/whtmst/T-RestedXP` and click Install. That's all, nothing else is required.

**Если вы используете Turtle WoW Launcher:**
Просто зайдите в раздел аддоны, нажмите "Добавить новый аддон", вставьте ссылку `https://github.com/whtmst/T-RestedXP` и нажмите установить. Больше ничего делать не нужно.

### Installation (Turtle WoW)
1. Download: **[Latest Version](https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp/archive/master.zip)**
2. Unpack the Zip file `t-restedxp-main.zip`
3. Rename the extracted folder: remove `-main` from the folder name so it becomes `T-RestedXP`
4. Copy the `T-RestedXP` folder into `\Interface\AddOns`
5. Restart the game

### Установка (Turtle WoW)
1. Скачайте: **[Последняя версия](https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp/archive/master.zip)**
2. Распакуйте Zip-файл `t-restedxp-main.zip`
3. Переименуйте распакованную папку: удалите `-main` в названии, чтобы получилось `T-RestedXP`
4. Скопируйте папку `T-RestedXP` в `\Interface\AddOns`
5. Перезапустите игру

---

# T-RestedXP: Settings / Настройки

EN: The addon announces when you reach 100% rested XP or 0% rested XP. You can configure the alert messages, chat channel, sound, and display options by editing the `T-RestedXP.lua` file. Main settings:

- `fullRestedMsg`: message for 100% rested XP (default: `=== 100% RESTED XP / 100% ОТДЫХА ===`)
- `noRestedMsg`: message for 0% rested XP (default: `=== NO RESTED XP / НЕТ ОТДЫХА ===`)
- `chatChannel`: channel for alerts (`SELF`, `EMOTE`, `SAY`, `PARTY`, `RAID`, `GUILD`)
- `notifyIntervalZero`: interval between 0% alerts (seconds)
- `notifyCountZero`: max 0% alerts in a row
- `playSound`: play sound on alert (true/false)
- `soundNameFull`: sound for 100% rested XP (default: `QUESTCOMPLETED`)
- `soundNameZero`: sound for 0% rested XP (default: `RaidWarning`)
- `showCenter`: show alert in the center of the screen (true/false)
- `centerMessageTime`: time to show center message (seconds)
- `maxLevel`: max player level (default: 60)

RU: Аддон сообщает, когда вы достигаете 100% или 0% rested XP. Все параметры можно изменить в файле `T-RestedXP.lua`:

- `fullRestedMsg`: сообщение для 100% rested XP (по умолчанию: `=== 100% RESTED XP / 100% ОТДЫХА ===`)
- `noRestedMsg`: сообщение для 0% rested XP (по умолчанию: `=== NO RESTED XP / НЕТ ОТДЫХА ===`)
- `chatChannel`: канал оповещений (`SELF`, `EMOTE`, `SAY`, `PARTY`, `RAID`, `GUILD`)
- `notifyIntervalZero`: интервал между оповещениями о 0% (сек)
- `notifyCountZero`: максимум оповещений о 0% подряд
- `playSound`: воспроизводить звук при оповещении (true/false)
- `soundNameFull`: звук для 100% rested XP (по умолчанию: `QUESTCOMPLETED`)
- `soundNameZero`: звук для 0% rested XP (по умолчанию: `RaidWarning`)
- `showCenter`: показывать оповещение по центру экрана (true/false)
- `centerMessageTime`: время показа сообщения по центру (сек)
- `maxLevel`: максимальный уровень игрока (по умолчанию: 60)

---

# T-RestedXP: Credits / Благодарности

EN: You are welcome to enhance this addon, but you must always provide a link to the original version at **[https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp](https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp)**.

RU: Вы можете усовершенствовать данный аддон, но вы обязаны всегда предоставлять ссылку на оригинальную версию по адресу **[https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp](https://github.com/whtmst/t-restedxp)**.

---

# T-RestedXP: IMPORTANT / ВАЖНО

EN: I do not create add-ons on request and do not fix errors in other add-ons, please do not contact me with such requests.

RU: Я не пишу аддоны на заказ и не исправляю ошибки в других аддонах, просьба не писать мне с такими вопросами.

---

<h3 align="center">Wow, finished reading!😌 Hit me up if anything!</h3>

---

<div align="center">

### **💝 Support me / Поддержи меня**
💰 [**[ DonationAlerts ]**](https://www.donationalerts.com/r/whtmst) • 🚀 [**[ Boosty ]**](https://boosty.to/whtmst)

</div>

---

<div align="center">

**This repository is distributed under the [MIT License](LICENSE)**

</div>
